Modularize prometheus (#1732)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/README.md

Resources currently include, but are not limited to, the following:

- Elements which are essential for the installation of `core` components in Kyma, such as certificates, users, and permissions
- Examples of the use of specific components
- Scripts for the installation of Helm, Istio deployment, as well as scripts for validating Pods, starting Kyma, and testing

> ## Installation

Author: There are `service monitors` installed by various components and these require CRDs installed by prometheus operator. We want to leave these `service monitors` with the components, since components owners would take care of them.

> ## Installation

Reviewer: As we discussed we should create a follow-up task to investigate the way how we want to do that in the future. IMO it's strange that even when I disabling monitoring then some components are still created. You can have a problem on cluster where whole monitoring is preinstalled (including Prometheus) and AFIAK the prometheus is already preinstalled on Gardener, so with that modularization, we will still have a problem with the Kyma installation.

> ## Installation

Author: Follow Up task: https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/1840.

> The monitoring and logging charts are not installed by default when you install Kyma on minikube. They are present by default for cluster installations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Monitoring and Logging charts are not installed by default when you install Kyma on Minikube. They are available by default for cluster installations.
```

> To install monitoring chart on the minikube cluster, run the following command inside resources directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install Monitoring chart on the Minikube cluster, run the following command inside resources directory:
```
